Rollback policy changes (#717)
okta/okta-sdk-dotnet: MIGRATING.md

* The `OAuthApi` constructors have been updated with the following changes:
    - The `public OAuthApi(Okta.Sdk.Client.Configuration configuration = null, IJwtGenerator jwtGenerator = null)` constructor has been replaced by `public OAuthApi(Okta.Sdk.Client.Configuration configuration = null, IClientAssertionJwtGenerator clientAssertionJwtGenerator = null, IDpopProofJwtGenerator dpopProofJwtGenerator = null)`
    - The ` public OAuthApi(Okta.Sdk.Client.IAsynchronousClient asyncClient, Okta.Sdk.Client.IReadableConfiguration configuration, IJwtGenerator jwtGenerator)` constructor has been replaced by `public OAuthApi(Okta.Sdk.Client.IAsynchronousClient asyncClient, Okta.Sdk.Client.IReadableConfiguration configuration, IClientAssertionJwtGenerator clientAssertionJwtGenerator, IDpopProofJwtGenerator dpopProofJwtGenerator)`

If you have your own implementations of the updated interfaces, you will have to make the corresponding changes and implement the new exposed methods. You can check the `DefaultOAuthTokenProvider` and `DefaultClientAssertionJwtGenerator` classes for more details on how to implement the new/updated interfaces.

### Policy API breaking changes

> The Okta Engineering team decided to rollback the latest changes in the Policy OpenAPI specification which were released in v7.0.6, hence the schema `PolicyCanBeCreatedOrReplaced` has been removed and all the methods that received and returned an instance of `PolicyCanBeCreatedOrReplaced` will now receive or return a instance of `Policy`. The obsolete tag has been removed from the corresponding methods.

Author: ```suggestion
The Okta Engineering team decided to roll back the latest changes in the Policy OpenAPI specification, which were released in v7.0.6. Hence, the schema `PolicyCanBeCreatedOrReplaced` has been removed, and all the methods that received and/or returned an instance of `PolicyCanBeCreatedOrReplaced` will now accept and/or return an instance of the `Policy` schema. The obsolete tag has been removed from the corresponding methods.
```
